README.md, before:

# RffBlog

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.7.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

created login page and dashboard components

README.md, after:

# RffBlog

## **The app was generated with the [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli)**

## To set up your local environment and workspace, see the link below : 

https://angular.io/guide/setup-local


## **Install the app :**

Clone this repository with your Git client or by executing :

git clone https://github.com/claudejaspart/rff-blog.git

Enter the project directory, e.g. cd udemy-angular-password-generator

Run npm install to install the project dependencies.

## **Development Server**

Run ng serve for a dev server. Navigate to http://localhost:4200/. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.
Or you can run ng serve -o to directly open the app in your browser.

## **Code Scaffolding**

Run ng generate component component-name to generate a new component. You can also use ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module.

## **Build**

Run ng build to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the dist/ directory. Use the --prod flag for a production build.

## **Angular CLI Help**

For additional support on the Angular CLI :

- Run the ng help command, or
- Refer to the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md)
